<<<<<<< HEAD
# Template for custom analysis

## Aim
This is an example of creating one's own analysis based on the `LargeBarrelAnalysis`. You can start your own analysis by copying the `NewAnalysisTemplate` directory.

## Starting you own Analysis
When starting you own analysis, do not edit any of the existing examples as this will lead to problems with Git-based version control. Instead, follow this procedure:

 1. Copy the `NewAnalysisTemplate` directory to a name you wish to give to you analysis. Let us use `MyAnalysis` as an example:  
    `cp -r NewAnalysisTemplate MyAnalysis`

 2. Add the following line at the end of the `j-pet-framework-examples/CMakeLists.txt`:  
    `add_subdirectory(MyAnalysis)`  
    (replace `MyAnalysis` with whichever name you gave to your directory)

 3. Edit the file `CMakeLists.txt` located in you new directory, e.g. `MyAnalysis/CMakeLists.txt` and and in the following line:  
    `set(projectName NewProjectName)`  
    replace `NewProjectName` with your project name, e.g. `MyAnalysis`

 4. Furter in the `CMakeLists.txt` file, you will see lines responsible for using modules from the `LargeBarrelAnalysis` example. In case you want to customize any of the modules, copy this modules `.h` and `.cpp` files to your directory and comment out the lines concerning this module.

 5. Now when you follow the standard procedure to configure and build all of the J-PET framework examples, a directory with the name you chose will be created in your build directory, e.g. `build/MyAnalysis` and will contain an executable with the name you chose for the project, e.g. `MyAnalysis.x`.

## Additional Info
Note that the `TimeCalibration` and `VelocityCalibration` examples follow exactly the above scheme of being based on `LargeBarrelAnalysis` and its modules, so you can refer to these examples for advanced usage of the template described here.

## Author
[Aleksander Gajos](https://github.com/alekgajos)  
Please report any bugs and suggestions of corrections to: [aleksander.gajos@uj.edu.pl](aleksander.gajos@uj.edu.pl)
=======
# J-PET Analysis Framework Examples

This README file describes the Repository of Usage Examples of the J-PET Analysis Framework.
For details of the Framework refer to the [Framework README](j-pet-framework/README.md)

## What is it?
**J-PET Analysis Framework** is a flexible analysis environment which serves as a backbone system
for the reconstruction algorithms and calibration procedures used during the data processing
and standardizes the common operations, e.g: input/output process, access to the detector
geometry parameters and more. It is written in C++ using the object-oriented approach.
It is based on the ROOT libraries combined with some BOOST packages. The quality of the code
is assured by the automatized set of unit tests. The documentation of the code is generated by Doxygen.

The J-PET Framework Examples Repository is a set of programs built on top of the J-PET Analysis Framework C++ library.
These programs are meant to demonstrate the usage of this library as well as to be starting point for new analysis programs created by users.

The J-PET Framework library is a separate git repository available on [GitHub](http://www.github.com/JPETTomography/j-pet-framework.git)

It is a submodule of this (examples) repository. If you follow the instruction below, the sources of the The J-PET Framework library will be automatically downloaded and placed in a directory named `j-pet-framework`.

Current available programs in this repository:
  * Large Barrel Analysis - starting point modules for reconstruction of Big Barrel data analysis.
  * Time Calibration - procedures for calculating calibration constants from measurements with the reference detector.
  * Velocity Calibration - procedures for calculating effective light velocity in the scintillators.
  * Cosmic, Physics, Imaging - procedures with approach for data streaming.
  * Image Reconstruction - procedures for producing sinograms.
  * Scope loader and analysis - handling scope data.
  * MCGeantAnalysis - conversion of results of Monte Carlo simulations prepared with the J-PET simulations package to a format consistent with the J-PET Framework data
  * New Analysis Template - project, that can be modified for custom user analysis.

## The Latest Version
The latest stable version can be downloaded from the github repository. You must have git client installed and do:

`git clone --recursive https://github.com/JPETTomography/j-pet-framework-examples.git`

If you have already a directory with the code and you want to update it, just write:

`git pull && git submodule update`

## Installation
Please see the file called [INSTALL](INSTALL.md).

## Authors
J-PET Analysis Framework Examples are being maintained by [Aleksander Gajos](https://github.com/alekgajos), [Wojciech Krzemien](https://github.com/wkrzemien) and [Kamil Rakoczy](https://github.com/grey277).
Contributors: [Szymon Niedźwiecki](https://github.com/wictus), Oleksandr Rundel, Tomasz Kisielewski, Nikodem Krawczyk, Klara Muzalewska, Monika Pawlik-Niedźwiecka, Kamil Dulski, Michał Silarski, Magdalena Skurzok, [Krzysztof Kacprzak](https://github.com/kkacprzak), Elena Pérez del Río.

Authors of the J-Pet Analysis Framework core are listed in the [README](j-pet-framework/README.md) of the Framework repository.

## Bug Reporting & Contact
If you have any question or comment please write to:
[wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl](wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl)
or better post it to the [Redmine](http://sphinx.if.uj.edu.pl/redmine/)
>>>>>>> b76e8c289e91932a2e7bf30b19ab6fcaaa8d2d1e
